hackerRank/linux_shell/README.md, before:

# Linux shell challenges
[![Profile Link](https://img.shields.io/badge/hackerRank-profile_link-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.hackerrank.com/weozUA)
![Challenges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Challenges-61_solved-orange.svg)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Bash-7873ae.svg)

Solved:
------

Challenge                           | Solution |  
-----------------------------------:|:--------:|
| [Sed-5](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sed-command-5/problem) | [Solution](sed-5.sh) |
| [Sed-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sed-command-4/problem) | [Solution](sed-4.sh) |
| [Sed-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-sed-command-3/problem) | [Solution](sed-3.sh) |
| [Sed-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-sed-command-2/problem) | [Solution](sed-2.sh) |
| [Sed-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-sed-command-1/problem) | [Solution](sed-1.sh) |
| [Remove the First Capital Letter from Each Element](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-remove-the-first-capital-letter-from-each-array-element/problem) | [Solution](remove-the-first-capital-letter-from-each-element.sh) |
| [Arithmetic Operations](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---arithmetic-operations/problem) | [Solution](arithmetic-operations.sh) |
| [Pate-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-4/problem) | [Solution](paste-4.sh) |
| [Pate-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-3/problem) | [Solution](paste-3.sh) |
| [Pate-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-2/problem) | [Solution](paste-2.sh) |
| [Pate-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-1/problem) | [Solution](paste-1.sh) |
| [Awk-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-4/problem) | [Solution](awk-4.sh) |
| [Awk-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-3/problem) | [Solution](awk-3.sh) |
| [Awk-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-2/problem) | [Solution](awk-2.sh) |
| [Awk-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-1/problem) | [Solution](awk-1.sh) |
| [Grep-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-3/problem) | [Solution](grep-3.sh) |
| [Grep-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-2/problem) | [Solution](grep-2.sh) |
| [Grep-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-1/problem) | [Solution](grep-1.sh) |
| [Grep-A](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-4/problem) | [Solution](grep-a.sh) |
| [Grep-B](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-5/problem) | [Solution](grep-b.sh) |
| [Tail of a Text File #2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tail-2/problem) | [Solution](tail-of-a-text-file-2.sh) |
| [Tail of a Text File #1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tail-1/problem) | [Solution](tail-of-a-text-file-1.sh) |
| [Middle of a Text File](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux---the-middle-of-a-text-file/problem) | [Solution](middle-of-a-text-file.sh) |
| [Head of a Text File #2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-head-2/problem) | [Solution](head-of-a-text-file-2.sh) |
| [Head of a Text File #1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-head-1/problem) | [Solution](head-of-a-text-file-1.sh) |
| [Sort-command-7](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-7/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-7.sh) |
| [Sort-command-6](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-6/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-6.sh) |
| [Sort-command-5](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-5/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-5.sh) |
| [Sort-command-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-4/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-4.sh) |
| [Sort-command-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-3/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-3.sh) |
| [Sort-command-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-2/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-2.sh) |
| [Sort-command-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-1/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-1.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-4/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-4.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-3/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-3.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-2/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-2.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-1/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-1.sh) |
| [Tr-command-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tr-3/problem) | [Solution](tr-command-3.sh) |
| [Tr-command-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tr-2/problem) | [Solution](tr-command-2.sh) |
| [Tr-command-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tr-1/problem) | [Solution](tr-command-1.sh) |
| [Count the number of elements in an Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-count-the-number-of-elements-in-an-array/problem) | [Solution](count-the-number-of-elements-in-an-array.sh) |
| [Display an element of an array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-display-the-third-element-of-an-array/problem) | [Solution](display-an-element-of-an-array.sh) |
| [Concatenate an array with itself](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-concatenate-an-array-with-itself/problem) | [Solution](concatenate-an-array-with-itself.sh) |
| [Read In An Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-read-in-an-array/problem) | [Solution](read-in-an-array.sh) |
| [Comparing Numbers](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---comparing-numbers/problem) | [Solution](comparing-numbers.sh) |
| [More on Conditionals](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---more-on-conditionals/problem) | [Solution](more-on-conditionals.sh) |
| [Slice an Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-slice-an-array/problem) | [Solution](slice-an-array.sh) |
| [Getting Started with Conditionals](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---getting-started-with-conditionals/problem) | [Solution](getting-started-with-conditionals.sh) |
| [Cut-9](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-9/problem) | [Solution](cut-9.sh) |
| [Cut-8](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-8/problem) | [Solution](cut-8.sh) |
| [Cut-7](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-7/problem) | [Solution](cut-7.sh) |
| [Cut-6](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-6/problem) | [Solution](cut-6.sh) |
| [Cut-5](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-5/problem) | [Solution](cut-5.sh) |
| [Cut-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-4/problem) | [Solution](cut-4.sh) |
| [Cut-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-3/problem) | [Solution](cut-3.sh) |
| [Cut-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-2/problem) | [Solution](cut-2.sh) |
| [Cut-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-1/problem) | [Solution](cut-1.sh) |
| [Looping And Skipping](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---looping-and-skipping/problem) | [Solution](looping-and-skipping.sh) |
| [The World of Numbers](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---the-world-of-numbers/problem) | [Solution](the-world-of-numbers.sh) |
| [Looping with Numbers](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---looping-with-numbers/problem) | [Solution](looping-with-numbers.sh) |
| [A Personalized Echo](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---a-personalized-echo/problem) | [Solution](a-personalized-echo.sh) |
| [Let's Echo](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-lets-echo/problem) | [Solution](lets-echo.sh) |

Commit message:

hackerRank: Compute The Average, Filter Array With Patterns, Lonely Integer (bash)

hackerRank/linux_shell/README.md, after:

# Linux shell challenges
[![Profile Link](https://img.shields.io/badge/hackerRank-profile_link-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.hackerrank.com/weozUA)
![Challenges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Challenges-64_solved-orange.svg)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Bash-7873ae.svg)

Solved:
------

Challenge                           | Solution |  
-----------------------------------:|:--------:|
| [Lonely Integer - Bash](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lonely-integer-2/problem) | [Solution](lonely-integer-bash.sh) |
| [Filter An Array With Patterns](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-filter-an-array-with-patterns/problem) | [Solution](filter-an-array-with-patterns.sh) |
| [Compute The Average](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---compute-the-average/problem) | [Solution](compute-the-average.sh) |
| [Sed-5](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sed-command-5/problem) | [Solution](sed-5.sh) |
| [Sed-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sed-command-4/problem) | [Solution](sed-4.sh) |
| [Sed-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-sed-command-3/problem) | [Solution](sed-3.sh) |
| [Sed-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-sed-command-2/problem) | [Solution](sed-2.sh) |
| [Sed-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-sed-command-1/problem) | [Solution](sed-1.sh) |
| [Remove the First Capital Letter from Each Element](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-remove-the-first-capital-letter-from-each-array-element/problem) | [Solution](remove-the-first-capital-letter-from-each-element.sh) |
| [Arithmetic Operations](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---arithmetic-operations/problem) | [Solution](arithmetic-operations.sh) |
| [Pate-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-4/problem) | [Solution](paste-4.sh) |
| [Pate-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-3/problem) | [Solution](paste-3.sh) |
| [Pate-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-2/problem) | [Solution](paste-2.sh) |
| [Pate-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/paste-1/problem) | [Solution](paste-1.sh) |
| [Awk-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-4/problem) | [Solution](awk-4.sh) |
| [Awk-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-3/problem) | [Solution](awk-3.sh) |
| [Awk-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-2/problem) | [Solution](awk-2.sh) |
| [Awk-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/awk-1/problem) | [Solution](awk-1.sh) |
| [Grep-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-3/problem) | [Solution](grep-3.sh) |
| [Grep-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-2/problem) | [Solution](grep-2.sh) |
| [Grep-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-1/problem) | [Solution](grep-1.sh) |
| [Grep-A](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-4/problem) | [Solution](grep-a.sh) |
| [Grep-B](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-grep-command-5/problem) | [Solution](grep-b.sh) |
| [Tail of a Text File #2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tail-2/problem) | [Solution](tail-of-a-text-file-2.sh) |
| [Tail of a Text File #1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tail-1/problem) | [Solution](tail-of-a-text-file-1.sh) |
| [Middle of a Text File](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux---the-middle-of-a-text-file/problem) | [Solution](middle-of-a-text-file.sh) |
| [Head of a Text File #2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-head-2/problem) | [Solution](head-of-a-text-file-2.sh) |
| [Head of a Text File #1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-head-1/problem) | [Solution](head-of-a-text-file-1.sh) |
| [Sort-command-7](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-7/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-7.sh) |
| [Sort-command-6](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-6/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-6.sh) |
| [Sort-command-5](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-5/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-5.sh) |
| [Sort-command-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-4/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-4.sh) |
| [Sort-command-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-3/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-3.sh) |
| [Sort-command-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-2/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-2.sh) |
| [Sort-command-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-sort-1/problem) | [Solution](sort-command-1.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-4/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-4.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-3/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-3.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-2/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-2.sh) |
| [Uniq-command-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-in-linux-the-uniq-command-1/problem) | [Solution](uniq-command-1.sh) |
| [Tr-command-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tr-3/problem) | [Solution](tr-command-3.sh) |
| [Tr-command-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tr-2/problem) | [Solution](tr-command-2.sh) |
| [Tr-command-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-tr-1/problem) | [Solution](tr-command-1.sh) |
| [Count the number of elements in an Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-count-the-number-of-elements-in-an-array/problem) | [Solution](count-the-number-of-elements-in-an-array.sh) |
| [Display an element of an array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-display-the-third-element-of-an-array/problem) | [Solution](display-an-element-of-an-array.sh) |
| [Concatenate an array with itself](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-concatenate-an-array-with-itself/problem) | [Solution](concatenate-an-array-with-itself.sh) |
| [Read In An Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-read-in-an-array/problem) | [Solution](read-in-an-array.sh) |
| [Comparing Numbers](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---comparing-numbers/problem) | [Solution](comparing-numbers.sh) |
| [More on Conditionals](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---more-on-conditionals/problem) | [Solution](more-on-conditionals.sh) |
| [Slice an Array](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-slice-an-array/problem) | [Solution](slice-an-array.sh) |
| [Getting Started with Conditionals](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---getting-started-with-conditionals/problem) | [Solution](getting-started-with-conditionals.sh) |
| [Cut-9](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-9/problem) | [Solution](cut-9.sh) |
| [Cut-8](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-8/problem) | [Solution](cut-8.sh) |
| [Cut-7](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-7/problem) | [Solution](cut-7.sh) |
| [Cut-6](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-6/problem) | [Solution](cut-6.sh) |
| [Cut-5](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-5/problem) | [Solution](cut-5.sh) |
| [Cut-4](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-4/problem) | [Solution](cut-4.sh) |
| [Cut-3](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-3/problem) | [Solution](cut-3.sh) |
| [Cut-2](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-2/problem) | [Solution](cut-2.sh) |
| [Cut-1](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/text-processing-cut-1/problem) | [Solution](cut-1.sh) |
| [Looping And Skipping](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---looping-and-skipping/problem) | [Solution](looping-and-skipping.sh) |
| [The World of Numbers](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---the-world-of-numbers/problem) | [Solution](the-world-of-numbers.sh) |
| [Looping with Numbers](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---looping-with-numbers/problem) | [Solution](looping-with-numbers.sh) |
| [A Personalized Echo](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials---a-personalized-echo/problem) | [Solution](a-personalized-echo.sh) |
| [Let's Echo](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bash-tutorials-lets-echo/problem) | [Solution](lets-echo.sh) |
